[MTM-62765] Certificate authority feature preview (#3119)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-undefined-certificate-authority-feature-preview.md

Reviewer: What does `undefined` in the file name mean?

Author: I followed an existing preview `md` `Latest measurement values can be stored as part of a device managed object` , I guess they are `undefined` as we cant add a specific version to it before being available.

Reviewer 2: This is automatically added if you create entries using Netlify and do not add a version. It is perfectly ok to also add it manually if no version is specified.

---
date: '2025-04-01'
title: Enhanced certificate management with ability to sign and issue certificates
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62765
---
{{< c8y-admon-preview >}}

> This feature is in Public Preview, that is, it is not enabled by default and maybe subject to change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is in Public Preview, that is, it is not enabled by default and may be subject to change in the future.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-preview >}}

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} has enhanced the certificate management with the ability for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. This means that the list of certificates in a tenant, which previously only contained the  trust anchor certificates, does now also include the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The latter are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

Reviewer 3: We should provide a link to user documentation describing the new feature. 
```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} has has been enhanced to function as a Certificate Authority (CA), providing the following capabilities:
- Manage signing certificates
- Accept Certificate Signing Requests (CSR)
- Perform legitimacy checks, as defined by each tenant
- Issue signed X.509 certificates trusted by the device tenant

For more details about this feature refer to [Certificate Authority (CA)](/device-integration/certificate-authority-bundle/create-certificate-authority.md)
```

Reviewer: Not sure how these links are rendered on the website, but change logs are listed here https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/, right?
And will your link be correctly transformed to lead where you intend to?

Author: yes, you can check in preview [here](https://cumulocity-iot-c8y-docs-build-pr-3119.surge.sh/change-logs/?change-type=.change-type-preview&component=.component-authentication)

---

> date: '2025-04-01'

Reviewer 2: Since it is already April 8th, please change the date when merging.

title: Enhanced certificate management with ability to sign and issue certificates
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62765
---
{{< c8y-admon-preview >}}

> This feature is in Public Preview, that is, it is not enabled by default and may be subject to change in the future.

Reviewer 4: add:  In order to determine if the feature is enabled go to the Device Management app and look at the Management/Trusted Certificates page. If on the top right of the page you see _Add CA Certificate_ then the feature is enabled.  If it is not enabled please contact Global Support to request the feature to be enabled.

{{< /c8y-admon-preview >}}

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} has has been enhanced to function as a Certificate Authority (CA), providing the following capabilities:
- Manage signing certificates
- Accept Certificate Signing Requests (CSR)
- Perform legitimacy checks, as defined by each tenant
- Issue signed X.509 certificates trusted by the device tenant

> For more details about this feature refer to [Certificate Authority (CA)](/device-integration/certificate-authority-bundle/create-certificate-authority.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details about this feature refer to [Certificate Authority (CA)](/device-integration/certificate-authority-bundle/create-certificate-authority.md).
```

---
date: '2025-04-17'
title: Enhanced certificate management with ability to sign and issue certificates
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62765
---
{{< c8y-admon-preview >}}
This feature is in Public Preview, that is, it is not enabled by default and may be subject to change in the future.

> In order to determine if the feature is enabled go to the Device Management app and look at the Management/Trusted Certificates page. If on the top right of the page you see `Add CA Certificate` then the feature is enabled. If it is not enabled please contact Global Support to request the feature to be enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To determine whether the feature is enabled, go to the Device Management application and navigate to Management → Trusted Certificates. If you see Add CA Certificate in the top-right corner of the page, the feature is enabled. If it is not enabled, please use the Feature Toggles REST endpoints or contact Global Support to enable the feature.
```
